hello everyone
i'm here with mr pierre poliev
a front runner in the current race for
the leadership of canada's
federal conservative party
as many of you know i recently hosted mr
pauliev on my youtube channel
we talked for two hours about the
problems besetting canada in particular
and the west in general
for more information about mr pauliev's
ideas please refer to that interview the
url is in the video description
mr pauliev has something to ask those of
you in canada who might be looking for a
way to
concretely and practically contribute to
perhaps the well-being of this country
and more particularly to his endeavors
on behalf of canada
over to you mr poliev
well thanks dr peterson in most
elections you just have to show up and
vote
but this is not a normal election it's a
an election
internal to the conservative party to
choose its leader so only conservative
party members
can vote to choose the conservative
party leader if you're not a member
by the deadline of june the 3rd that's a
friday
then you cannot vote no membership no
vote good news is it's actually really
easy to sign up you just go to my
website
pierre4pm
that's pierre the number four
pm
dot
c-a-p-i-e-r-r-e number four p.m dot c-a
and you can sign up now for fifteen
dollars anyone who's 14 or older a
permanent resident or citizen of canada
is eligible to vote and if you become a
member by friday the june the third then
you'll get a ballot in the mail in the
late summer which you can just mail back
but if you don't get signed up by june
3rd you won't be eligible for that
ballot so if you want me to run against
and beat justin trudeau
go to pierre4pm.ca sign up to get your
membership so that later you can vote
for me you can take back control of your
life and help me make canada the freest
nation on earth
so this is a pretty straightforward
process so you go to
pierre4pm.ca that's the number four
pierre number four pm.ca
you buy a membership and you vote and
you need to do that
by june 3rd and it's a way of doing
something concrete and real
on the political front
uh if mr polyes ideas interest and
intrigue you and you're looking for
something that you can actually do
go to pierre4pm.ca
register and vote thank you all for
listening and watching thank you mr
poliev
thanks dr peterson
all right you've had your call to action
so
off to pierre for pm.ca bye bye